You are the one who is not afraid of love, you are too vain.
That's right, look at the black and white talk about running away and being beaten.
If you don't play around, they will really bully you when they are in the same level.
You have to tell me.
I believe in Zhou Yang. I'm done. Thank you dear for believing in me.
Ye Feng, thank you for taking care of Su An,
Now I can make it clear,
Follow me after you're done.
What do you mean by just letting you know, and do you know why the team is divided?
It was you who wanted to drive me away, so I had to.
Well, why does everyone have to do this?
But in terms of economy, if you are good at it, it is feasible for me, why?
Not for your secretary
Xiaoque must have stolen it from her
And I don’t want to be fooled by you again and I’ll be put in the third team and second team.
Now who leaves and who stays